proposal of 'allow listing' as an inclusive alternative to 'whitelisting' (#956)
vuejs/docs-next: src/guide/template-syntax.md

#### JavaScript Expressions

> Template expressions are sandboxed and only have access to a [allowlist of globals](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/packages/shared/src/globalsWhitelist.ts#L3) such as `Math` and `Date`. You should not attempt to access user defined globals in template expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template expressions are sandboxed and only have access to a [restricted list of globals](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/packages/shared/src/globalsWhitelist.ts#L3) such as `Math` and `Date`. You should not attempt to access user defined globals in template expressions.
```
